New Cloud Release notes (2022-09-19-ReleaseNotes) (#4385)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Release-Notes/2022-09-19-ReleaseNotes.md

# Release Notes, September 19, 2022

_2FA authentication - US Region Hosting - Projects Dashboard_

## Key Takeaways

> - **2FA authentication** - You can now make your Umbraco Cloud account even more secure by enabling 2-factor authentication (2FA). Select between email, phone, or app authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **2FA authentication** - You can now secure your Umbraco Cloud account by enabling 2-factor authentication (2FA). Select between email, phone, or app authentication.
```

## [2FA authentication](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/)

On Umbraco Cloud, you can in a few steps add 2-factor authentication for your Umbraco Cloud account using either On Umbraco Cloud, you can in a few steps add 2-factor authentication for your Umbraco Cloud account using either **email**, **phone**, or an **authenticator app** when logging in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal., phone, or an authenticator app when logging in to the Umbraco Cloud Portal.

All you have to do to enable 2FA for Umbraco Cloud is to go to your Profile, click **Edit Profile** and choose the 2FA option.

![2FA-Registration](images/2FA-Registration.gif)

It can be sent to your email, via SMS to your phone, or you can use an authentication app such as Google Authenticator, Authy or similar.

![Phone-auth](images/Phone-auth.png)

As your Umbraco profile is used to log in to the backoffice for your projects, these are all now protected with 2FA.

See the [2-factor authentication on Umbraco Cloud documentation](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/) for details. 

## US Region Hosting

> Until now, Umbraco Cloud has been exclusively hosted in the West Europe region on Azure. Including **East US** as an option and being able to offer regional hosting to agencies, partners, and end clients that are located or work in the US is a big milestone and enabler for Umbraco Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, Umbraco Cloud has been exclusively hosted in the West Europe region on Azure. Including **East US** as an option and offering regional hosting to agencies, partners, and end clients located or working in the US is a big milestone and enabler for Umbraco Cloud.
```

> You can easily select which region you would like to host your Umbraco Cloud project while creating a new Cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select which region you would like to host your Umbraco Cloud project while creating a new Cloud project.
```

> ![2FA-Registration](images/2FA-Registration.gif)

Reviewer: Looks like the wrong gif.
```suggestion
![USRegionRegistration](images/USRegionRegistration.gif)
```

> As excited as we are about making Umbraco Cloud available in the US, it is just as exciting to have the ability to expand to **new regions in the future**. If you have specific requests regarding the next region you want Umbraco Cloud to expand to, you’re welcome to let us know at product@umbraco.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As excited as we are about making Umbraco Cloud available in the US, it is exciting to have the ability to expand to **new regions in the future**. If you have specific requests regarding the next region you want Umbraco Cloud to expand to, you’re welcome to let us know at product@umbraco.com.
```

See the blog article [Umbraco Cloud expands with US regional hosting](https://umbraco.com/blog/umbraco-cloud-expands-with-us-regional-hosting/) for more information.

## Projects Dashboard

> Psst…have you tried the new Projects Dashboard yet? The first official version of the dashboard has been released. Currently, you can find a link in the projects overview, but soon the Projects Dashboard will be the default landing page after logging into Umbraco Cloud Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you tried the new Projects Dashboard yet? The first official version of the dashboard has been released. Currently, you can find a link in the project's overview, but soon the Projects Dashboard will be the default landing page after logging into Umbraco Cloud Portal.
```

> By pressing the button “Edit groups” you are able to create project groups and with simple drag-drop functionality organize your cloud and Heartcore projects in project groups.

Reviewer: As per the gif looks like sorting the projects more than creating project groups.

```suggestion
By clicking on “Edit groups”, you can sort projects into groups with the drag-drop functionality to organize your Cloud and Heartcore projects.
```

> After saving your projects, you will be able to choose between a detailed view with relevant information for your projects such as environments, product versions, and bandwidth/media storage usage, or a more compact view with less information (you decide by using the “Settings” option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After saving your projects, you can choose between a detailed view with relevant information for your projects such as environments, product versions, and bandwidth/media storage usage, or a more compact view with less information. You can decide by using the “Settings” option.
```

![ProjectsDashboardV1](images/ProjectsDashboardV1.gif)

> You can try out the Projects Dashboard on https://www.s1.umbraco.io/projectsdashboard and start grouping the Cloud projects of your preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can try out the Projects Dashboard on https://www.s1.umbraco.io/projectsdashboard and start grouping the Cloud projects as per your preference.
```
